[docs] Document ASPIRE_DCP_USE_DEVELOPER_CERTIFICATE environment variable (#819)
microsoft/aspire.dev: src/frontend/src/content/docs/app-host/certificate-configuration.mdx

  You may need to reload your profile or start a new terminal session for the change to take effect.
</Aside>

### Developer certificate for DCP communication (Windows)

> By default, Aspire's internal Developer Control Plane (DCP) server uses an ephemeral certificate it generates itself for TLS. On Windows, you can opt in to using your trusted ASP.NET Core developer certificate for DCP communication instead, which avoids trust issues caused by the ephemeral certificate not being in the system trust store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Aspire's internal Developer Control Plane (DCP) server uses an ephemeral localhost certificate it generates itself for TLS. On Windows, you can opt in to using your trusted Aspire developer certificate for DCP communication instead, which avoids trust issues caused by the ephemeral certificate not being in the system trust store.
```

Set the `ASPIRE_DCP_USE_DEVELOPER_CERTIFICATE` environment variable to `true` in your AppHost's `launchSettings.json` or as a system/user environment variable:

```json title="Properties/launchSettings.json"
{
  "profiles": {
    "https": {
      "commandName": "Project",
      "environmentVariables": {
        "ASPIRE_DCP_USE_DEVELOPER_CERTIFICATE": "true"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

When this setting is enabled:

> - Aspire checks for a trusted ASP.NET Core developer certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Aspire checks for a trusted developer certificate.
```
